Reference RACK and TLP in recovery section 4.7 (#4596)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

## Probe Timeout Replaces RTO and TLP

QUIC uses a probe timeout (PTO; see {{pto}}), with a timer based on TCP's RTO
computation; see {{?RFC6297}}.  QUIC's PTO includes the peer's maximum expected
acknowledgment delay instead of using a fixed minimum timeout.

> As reflected by TLP defined in RACK ({{?RACK=I-D.ietf-tcpm-rack}}), a single

Reviewer: Is TLP expanded on first use?

> As reflected by TLP defined in RACK ({{?RACK=I-D.ietf-tcpm-rack}}), a single
> packet loss at the tail does not indicate persistent congestion, so QUIC does
> not collapse the congestion window when the PTO expires.  Instead of
> collapsing the congestion window and declaring everything in-flight lost, QUIC
> specifies a time-based definition to ensure one or more packets are sent prior
> to a dramatic decrease in congestion window; see {{persistent-congestion}}.
> QUIC allows probe packets to temporarily exceed the congestion window
> whenever the timer expires.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to the RACK-TLP loss detection algorithm for TCP
({{?RACK=I-D.ietf-tcpm-rack}}), QUIC does not collapse the congestion window
when the PTO expires, since a single packet loss at the tail does not indicate
persistent congestion.  Instead, QUIC collapses the congestion window when
persistent congestion is declared; see {{persistent-congestion}}.

QUIC allows probe packets to temporarily exceed the congestion window whenever
the timer expires.
```

> In doing this, QUIC avoids unnecessary congestion window reductions, obviating

Reviewer 2: This paragraph applies to the text before the last sentence above. I would move it up and merge it with the para on not collapsing the cwnd.

Author: Done

Acknowledgment-based loss detection implements the spirit of TCP's Fast
Retransmit ({{?RFC5681}}), Early Retransmit ({{?RFC5827}}), FACK ({{FACK}}),

> SACK loss recovery ({{?RFC6675}}), and RACK ({{?RACK}}). This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SACK loss recovery ({{?RFC6675}}), and RACK-TLP ({{?RACK}}). This
```
